.TH QLBAR 8 2008-05-04 "QLBar Cool ToolBar"
.SH NAME 
qlbar-0.1.4 \- Cool Toolbar for X11
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qlbar
[-hHVv] [-c config file] [-m menu file] [--bar-color color] 
[--balloon-color color] [--font-color color] [-f name]
[-s size] [-d directory] [-B true/false]
[--bar-height height] [--bar-width width] [-t seconds] 
[--icon-width widh] [--icon-height height] [--voffset pixels]
[--hoffset pixels] [-l layout] [--daemonize]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B qlbar 
is a Toolbar for X11. It allows quick launch applications that user
specifies in menu file. QLBar (default) appears as 1 pixel height line
at the top of the screen, but most appearance parameters may be configured. See OPTIONS.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-balloon\-color
background color of tooltip balloon
.TP
.B \-\-bar\-color
specifies qlbar color
.TP
.B \-\-bar\-height
height of a bar in pixels, default 1 
.TP
.B \-\-bar\-width
width of a bar in pixels, default is computed as: icon width multiply icon count
.TP
.B \-t \fRor\fP \-\-bar\-time
delay in seconds after that toolbar will hide
.TP 
.B \-c \fRor\fP \-\-config
config file
.br
Default $HOME/.qlbar/config is used
.TP
.B \-\-font\-color
tooltip balloon font color
.TP
.B \-f \fRor\fP \-\-font\-dir
path to directory that contains TTF fonts
.TP
.B \-f \fRor\fP \-\-font\-name
font used on balloon tip
.TP
.B \-f \fRor\fP \-\-font\-size
tooltip balloon font size
.TP
.B \-D \fRor\fP \-\-daemonize
make qlbar run in the background
.TP
.B \-h \fRor\fP \-\-help
help screen
.TP
.B \-H \fRor\fP \-\-horizontal
this option indicates that toolbar will be placed horizontaly. Same as 
.B \-l horizontal
.TP 
.B \-\-hoffset
horizontal offset from the corner of screen in pixels. Corner is specified by
.B \-p \fRor\fP --position
option and is only affected when 
.B \-H \fRor\fP \-l horizontal
has been choosen
.TP 
.B \-\-icon\-width
width of the icons in pixels
.TP
.B \-\-icon\-height
height of the icons in pixels
.TP
.B \-l \fRor\fP \-\-layout
layout may be
.B horizontal \fR(default) or\fP vertical
.TP 
.B \-m \fRor\fP \-\-menu
file containing items information: name, execute path, icon file path.
Menu file format is compatible with fluxbox menu file and contains lines
as follow:
.br
[exec] (application name) {execute path} <icon path>
.br
Default $HOME/.qlbar/menu is used
.TP
.B \-p \fRor\fP \-\-position
position of the toolbar: n, ne, e, se, s, sw, w, nw
.TP
.B \-B \fRor\fP \-\-show\-balloon
true or false show or not baloon, default balloon is shown
.TP
.B \-V \fRor\fP \-\-vertical
indicates that toolbar will be placed verticaly
.TP
.B \-v \fRor\fP \-\-verbose
produces lots of output
.TP
.B \-\-voffset
vertical offset from the corner of screen in pixels. Corner is specified by
.B \-p \fRor\fP --position
option and is only affected when
.B \-V \fRor\fP \-l vertical
has been choosen
.SH TODO
.br
- transparent rectangle with alpha that appears when user 
moves mouse over toolbar item
.br
- sliding bar instead of sudden appear, hide
.br
- fixed qlbar icon, with clock, reminder, or other...
.br
- right click context menu over every item with extra features (configure)
.SH BUGS REPORTING
pablo@wizard.ae.krakow.pl
.br
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL.
.SH AUTHOR
The author of 
.B qlbar
is Pawel Prokop (pablo@wizard.ae.krakow.pl)
.br
homepage of this project is : http://prokop.ae.krakow.pl/projects/qlbar.html
